Home to one of India’s largest expat populations, Pune is a culturally rich and diverse cosmopolitan city teeming with local flavours and great heritage. Soon emerging into a global hub for business, technology and lifestyle, Pune is seeing high volume of investments in each of these sectors. A culture capital that boasts a pleasant weather year round, nestled in the Western Ghats, the city will charm you with an air of creativity and originality. Long revered for its excellence in education, the city is dawning a new role as the nest for entrepreneurial minds with a boom in the IT commercial space. At Panchshil, our vision has always centred on bringing the very best of the world to Pune, and with Kelly’s icon style and her ‘east meets west’ design philosophy, we offer the finest of lifestyles in yoovillas.
Kumar Palmspring at Undri – is amongst new bungalow projects in Pune, Where in you can sip steaming hot tea, gaze through the fluttering curtains and watch the lengthening shadows and dusk settle down. Where you sit mesmerised and welcome the star-spangled sky and thank your lucky stars that you have the privilege to be a part of this natural paradise. Not everyone has the privilege to have life like this in the urban setting.

These Bungalow projects in Pune, at Undri near NIBM Road are where you enjoy the magical mist play hide and seek with the peaks! Where you discover a sky, an artists canvas with its ethereal cloud formations, perhaps with a rainbow sketched across.

It’s been ages since you have even seen the insides of the opulent spaces. A quick chitchat with your best friend and the reassuring touch of you loved ones has been the story in the past. Nowadays who has time to catch up with the social group? Funny thing is, in order to experience these small joys you have to make time. So, evolve and stimulate your time for the changing lifestyle.

Just some minutes away from Kothrud, Pyramid County awaits for you to experience the gossip and relaxing chores which you avoided thinking about faraway distances. Rejuvenate the weekends with blissful Lavale at a moment’s notice while commuting your weekdays for reaching work the earliest.